First, why S&P 500? - Yes, the 30-stock Dow gets a lot of media attention, but the S&P 500 is a truer measure of the 
American business because it contains 500 stocks that represent all major sectors of the U.S. economy. 

*vertical: the sp500_caps captures the different market cap classes of the sp500. Those sections are explained below.

VOO - Vanguard S&P 500 ETF - VOO maintains a unique structure that differentiates it from both IVV and SPY. Vanguard has a 
	patent that allows it to offer ETFs as share class within larger index funds that also offer retail and institutional 
	share classes. Some advantages of the share class structure include the lowest expense ratio, offers investors enhanced
	tax efficiency through the in-kind redemption process and other tax benefits. In response to redemption requests from 
	other class of shareholders, Vanguard has the option ot sell off high cost-basis securities, generating a capital loss
	in the process that can be used to offset any taxable gains.
Sector weights include: Information Technology-24%, Financials-14.8%, Health Care-14.1%, Consumer Discretionary-12.1%,
Industrials-10.1%, Consumer Staples-8.1%, Energy-5.8%, Utilities-3.1%, Materials-3.0%, Real Estate-2.9%, Telecommunication
Services-2.0%	

IJH - iShares Core S&P 500 Mid-Cap ETF - seeks to track the investment results of an index complosed of mid-capitalization U.S.
	equities.

IWM - iShares Russell 2000 ETF - Run by Blackrock, this is an open-ended fund that tracks a market-cap-weighted index of US 
	small-cap stocks. The index selects stocks ranked 1001 - 3000 by market cap.

*Horizontal: the sp500 companies that fall into either growth or value sectors. Those sections are explained below.

-Growth- more 'expensive' as their stock prices are high relative to their sales or profits. This due to expectations from investors of
	higher sales or profits in the future, so expect high price-to-sales and price-to-earnings ratios. Also considered riskier 
	because investors expect big things If growth plans don't materialize, the price could plummet.
-Value- less 'expensive' as their stock prices are low relative to their sales or profits. Less risky as they have already proven
	an ability to generate profits based on a proven business model. Stock appreciation isn't guaranteed though. It is possible that
	investors have properly priced the stok already.
-Blend- Managers of these blended funds pursue a stratgy known as 'Growth at a Reasonable Price' (GARP), focusing on growth companies, but
	with a keen awareness of traditional value indicators.

VOOG -  - Holds growth compaines from the S&P 500 Index.

VOOV -  - Holds value companies from the S&P 500 Index.

*Interesting Variations of S&P500

SPLV -  - Selects and holds 100 stocks from the S&P 500 Index which are deemed to have the lowest realized volitility over the
	trailing 12-month period.

RSP -  - This fund is an alternative to market cap-weighted products, like SPY, IVV and VOO; RSP features an equal allocation to each
	component of the S&P 500 Index, giving this ETF a unique risk/return profile

VIX(or VXX) - CBOE Volititilty Index - Shows the market's expectation of 30-day volatility. This volatility is meant to be forward-
	looking and is widely used measure of market risk, often referred to as the "Investor fear guage".

*Other Indexes
DIA - SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average EFT Trust - Seeks to provide investment results that, before expenses. correspond generally 
	to the price and yield perfromance of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The DJIA is composed of 30 'blue-chip' US stocks.
	The DJIA is a price weighted index of 30 component common stocks.





